feat(simtools): `bring simtools` (#132)
winglang/winglibs: simtools/README.md

# simtools

This library is a set of tools that are supposed to make the user of the simulator a happier developer. 

> For the time being, it contains only one function, `addMacro`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the time being, it contains only one function, `addMacro()`.
```

Style nit

## `addMacro`

> This function adds a Macro into the target resource. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function adds a Macro into the target resource's interaction pane in Wing Console.
```

Reviewer: Maybe add a small screenshot to demonstrate

Every macro that is added is seen as a button on the Macro section.

The following code:
```wing
bring cloud;
bring simtools;

let bucket = new cloud.Bucket();

simtools.addMacro(bucket, "Clean", inflight () => {
  for i in bucket.list() {
    bucket.delete(i);
  }
});

simtools.addMacro(bucket, "Populate",  inflight () => {
 for i in 1..10 {
  bucket.put("{i}.txt", "This is {i}");
 }
});
```

Will create two buttons on the Bucket resource:
* Clean
* Populate

## Prerequisites

* [winglang](https://winglang.io).

## Installation

```sh
npm i @winglibs/simtools
```

> ## Usage

Reviewer: Seems like a duplicate
